!! Minimal by Philip Andersen (renegadevi@codeofmagi.net)


!!
!! Geometry
!!
menu.separator.padding.height: 			10
window.client.padding.width: 			0
window.handle.width: 				0
padding.width: 					5


!!
!! Border colors
!!
window.active.border.color: 			#3d3d3d
window.active.title.separator.color: 		#3d3d3d
window.inactive.border.color: 			#3d3d3d
window.active.client.color: 			#3d3d3d
window.inactive.client.color: 			#3d3d3d

!!
!! Titlebar colors
!!
window.active.label.text.color:			#ffffff
window.inactive.label.text.color:		#bbbbbb
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color:	#ffffff

!!
!! Active Windows
!!
window.active.title.bg: 			flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: 			#3d3d3d
window.active.*.bg.border.color: 		#3d3d3d
window.active.label.bg: 			parentrelative
window.active.button.*.bg: 			parentrelative

!!
!! Inactive Windows
!!
window.inactive.title.bg: 			flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: 		#3d3d3d
window.inactive.*.border.color: 		#3d3d3d
window.inactive.label.bg: 			parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.bg: 			parentrelative

!!
!! Menu
!!
menu.title.bg:                                  flat solid
menu.title.bg.color:                            #3d3d3d
menu.title.text.color:                          #ffffff

menu.separator.padding.width:                   0
menu.separator.padding.height:                  5

menu.items.bg:                                  flat solid
menu.items.bg.color:                            #eeeeee
menu.items.text.color:                          #000000
menu.items.active.bg:                           flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:                     #3d3d3d
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo:                   #3d3d3d
menu.items.active.text.color:                   #ffffff
